Readme.md, before:

Bubbleviz
=========

A Chrome Extension that will analyse your search results.



## Notes


Existing extension for personalisation analysis: http://bobble.gtisc.gatech.edu/index.html





## Scraping google results
 * http://www.catonmat.net/blog/python-library-for-google-search/
 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5321434/python-easy-way-to-scrape-google-download-top-n-hits-entire-html-documents
 * http://searchnewscentral.com/20110928186/General-SEO/how-to-scrape-search-engines-without-pissing-them-off.html
 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5321434/python-easy-way-to-scrape-google-download-top-n-hits-entire-html-documents

## Creating a chrome extension
 * http://extensionizr.com/
 * https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/
 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/14345213/chrome-extension-develoment-samples-tutorial-etc
 * https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/getstarted
 * https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/overview
 * https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/api_index
 * http://lifehacker.com/5857721/how-to-build-a-chrome-extension

## Making movies with python

 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/753190/programmatically-generate-video-or-animated-gif-in-python
 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13590976/python-make-a-video-using-several-png-images
 * http://www.cs.uregina.ca/Links/class-info/325/PythonMovies/
 * http://www.pythonware.com/media/data/pil-handbook.pdf
 * http://web.media.mit.edu/~lifton/snippets/graph_movie/GraphMovieDemo.py
 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4092927/generating-movie-from-python-without-saving-individual-frames-to-files
 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/945250/how-can-i-script-the-creation-of-a-movie-from-a-set-of-images
 * http://mikedewar.wordpress.com/2009/01/26/simple-animation-and-saving-movies-in-python/

Commit message:

Fix issue with url hash changes not being taken into account

Readme.md, after:

Bubbleviz
=========

A Chrome Extension that will analyse your search results.



## Notes

Problem with content scripts not having access to the page objects
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9515704/building-a-chrome-extension-inject-code-in-a-page-using-a-content-script/9517879#9517879

Existing extension for personalisation analysis: http://bobble.gtisc.gatech.edu/index.html


## Scraping google results
 * http://www.catonmat.net/blog/python-library-for-google-search/
 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5321434/python-easy-way-to-scrape-google-download-top-n-hits-entire-html-documents
 * http://searchnewscentral.com/20110928186/General-SEO/how-to-scrape-search-engines-without-pissing-them-off.html
 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5321434/python-easy-way-to-scrape-google-download-top-n-hits-entire-html-documents

## Creating a chrome extension
 * http://extensionizr.com/
 * https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/
 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/14345213/chrome-extension-develoment-samples-tutorial-etc
 * https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/getstarted
 * https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/overview
 * https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/api_index
 * http://lifehacker.com/5857721/how-to-build-a-chrome-extension

## Making movies with python

 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/753190/programmatically-generate-video-or-animated-gif-in-python
 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13590976/python-make-a-video-using-several-png-images
 * http://www.cs.uregina.ca/Links/class-info/325/PythonMovies/
 * http://www.pythonware.com/media/data/pil-handbook.pdf
 * http://web.media.mit.edu/~lifton/snippets/graph_movie/GraphMovieDemo.py
 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4092927/generating-movie-from-python-without-saving-individual-frames-to-files
 * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/945250/how-can-i-script-the-creation-of-a-movie-from-a-set-of-images
 * http://mikedewar.wordpress.com/2009/01/26/simple-animation-and-saving-movies-in-python/
